January release notes (#150)
validmind/documentation: site/releases/2024-jan-17/highlights.qmd

---

> title: "January 17, 2024"

Author: @cachafla since there is no release tag for the developer-framework repo, I did not fetch the latest notebooks and developer framework HTML output. If that is not correct, please let me know.

keywords: "release notes, ai risk, model risk management, ValidMind"
---

## Release highlights

This release introduces a new dark mode to the ValidMind Platform UI, along with other enhancements and bug fixes.

<!--- ### ValidMind Developer Framework () --->

### ValidMind Platform UI (v1.11.0)

<!---Dark mode by @gtagle in [#494](https://github.com/validmind/frontend/pull/494)--->
#### Dark mode

You now have the option to set your color theme preference for the ValidMind UI. The theme can be set by toggling **Enable Dark Mode** in your profile settings.

Here is how the available themes look side by side: 

::: {.grid}
::: {.g-col-6}
![Light mode](light-mode.png){fig-alt="The ValidMind Platform UI in light mode"}
:::

::: {.g-col-6}
![Dark mode](dark-mode.png){fig-alt="The ValidMind Platform UI in dark mode"}
:::
:::

The selected theme setting is saved to your user profile and applied across all devices where you log in.

## Enhancements

<!---Upgrade kbar by @cachafla in [#511](https://github.com/validmind/frontend/pull/511)--->

> - **Upgraded kbar package**: We've updated the kbar package, a component in our web application responsible for the command bar interface. The new version brings enhanced search performance, particularly for multi-word queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Upgraded search experience**: We've updated the component in our web application responsible for the search command bar interface. The new version brings enhanced search performance, particularly for multi-word queries.
```

## Bug fixes

<!---Cachafla/sc 2655/fix displaying dynamic index in template by @cachafla in [#514](https://github.com/validmind/frontend/pull/514)--->
- **Dynamic index display in templates**. We fixed an issue where the internal `order` and `index` properties were incorrectly exposed in the template editor. These properties have no effect during template editing as they are dynamically generated. The fix now prevents these properties from being saved back to the template.

<!---Allow clicking on activities related to dynamic text blocks by @cachafla in [#501](https://github.com/validmind/frontend/pull/501)--->

> - **Allow clicking on activities related to dynamic text blocks**. We fixed an issue where clicking on recent activity items related to comments or test descriptions inside a test- driven block would take the user to a non-existent page. This functionality has been corrected by redirecting the user to the section that a content block belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Activity links now redirect users to the relevant section**. We fixed an issue where clicking on recent activity items related to comments or test descriptions inside a test- driven block would take the user to a non-existent page. This functionality has been corrected by redirecting the user to the section that a content block belongs to.
```

<!---Cachafla/sc 2635/issues with search functionality by @cachafla in [#507](https://github.com/validmind/frontend/pull/507)--->

> - **Issues with search**. We implemented multiple fixes to the search functionality in the Platform UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search experience fixes**. We implemented multiple fixes to the search functionality in the Platform UI:
```

  
  - Linking from recent activity items has been corrected to ensure accurate navigation.
  - Routing to documentation pages when a search result is associated with text in a test-driven block now works as expected.
  - Search now excludes results for `content_id` that are no longer part of the documentation.
  - Search functionality is now available from project overview pages. Previously, search only worked when invoked from documentation pages.

<!---Fix issues with user picker by @cachafla in [#523](https://github.com/validmind/frontend/pull/523)--->

> - **Issues with the user picker component**. We fixed the following UI/UX issues with the user picker interface component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Issues with the user selection component**. We fixed the following UI/UX issues with the user picker interface component:
```
